overhaul to better support charmhub's interface pages (#148)
canonical/charm-relation-interfaces: README.md

The purpose of the repository is to outline the behavior and requirements for key interface names, ensuring that charms claiming to implement a certain interface actually are capable of being integrated with each other.

## Contributing

> Instructions for contributing are available [here](./CONTRIBUTING.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Contributing a new interface specification is a simple and lightweight process](./CONTRIBUTING.md).
```

## Interfaces

> For the time being, browsing available interfaces, their statuses and schemas, go [here](./interfaces).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the time being, to see available interfaces, their statuses, and schemas, browse the [interfaces directory](./interfaces).
```
